gh-80793: Edit unittest.rst on SetUpClass calls (#12798)
python/cpython: Doc/library/unittest.rst

Class and module level fixtures are implemented in :class:`TestSuite`. When
the test suite encounters a test from a new class then :meth:`tearDownClass`

> from the previous class (if it defines or inherits one) is called,

Reviewer: I don't think "defines or inheites" is clearer. What was your intent?

Author: > What was your intent?

I am just trying to win an argument by updating opponent's quote.
I spotted an edit [0] that I considered to me unnecessary, then started a discussion [1] on a similar edit, and my attempt to undo [2] such edits has been flatly refused.

[0] https://gerrit.fd.io/r/c/vpp/+/17092/3/test/test_bfd.py
[1] https://gerrit.fd.io/r/c/vpp/+/18579/1/test/test_sparse_vec.py#14
[2] https://gerrit.fd.io/r/c/vpp/+/18820

Reviewer: I see you're trying to win an argument, but I stil not understand how modifing this specific sentence would have helped.

setUpClass and tearDownClass
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These must be implemented (or inherited) as class methods::

Reviewer: Same, what are you trying to clarify? As said in b.p.o normal inheritance rules apply. I think we should be explicit about inheritance only when "anormal rule apply", not every time "normal" rules apply.

Author: The original formulation
  "These must be implemented as class methods"
sounds like normal rules do not apply for some reason, and each class needs to have an implementation (even if it only calls ancestor implementation).

Reviewer: > sounds like normal rules do not apply for some reason

Yes, it tells it's not a method but a class method, it reminds you not to forgot to add the `@classmethod`, the original wording is OK.

> and each class needs to have an implementation (even if it only calls ancestor implementation)

Can you proove it with an example?

        def tearDownClass(cls):
            cls._connection.destroy()

The implementations in :class:`TestCase` are empty.

> If you want the ``setUpClass`` and ``tearDownClass`` on a superclass

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want the ``setUpClass`` and ``tearDownClass`` on a base class
```
Is it a typo? Because your overriden method is the method on a superclass,  so maybe it is something wrong that 'if you want the method on a superclass called from your superclass method'

Author: I found a simpler way to make it clear normal inheritance rules apply, without referring to my original use case (chain of three classes).

        def tearDownClass(cls):
            cls._connection.destroy()

> The usual inheritance rules apply.

Reviewer: Same here, let's not be explicit about this being normal (if we're explicit here about the inheritance working normally, why not adding it everywhere else on the doc? No.)

Author: The original formulation
  "you must call up to them yourself"
once again sounds like normal rules do not apply for some reason, and you have to make the call explicit, instead of relying on inheritance.

> if we're explicit here about the inheritance working normally, why not adding it everywhere else on the doc?

I agree that confirming something is normal creates doubts on other (not explicitly confirmed things).

I am going to propose different edits, focusing on just removing the "wrong sounding" formulations.

Reviewer: > once again sounds like normal rules do not apply for some reason

I agree.

> and you have to make the call explicit, instead of relying on inheritance

Inheritance never "call implicitly", as long as you re-implement the method, you *have* to call the parent implementation manually. But if you don't implement a method, the parent one is just inherited and no manual actions are needed. Only normal rules here.

-------------------------

Class and module level fixtures are implemented in :class:`TestSuite`. When
the test suite encounters a test that is from a different class from the previous
test, then :meth:`tearDownClass` from the previous class is called, followed by
:meth:`setUpClass` from the new class.

Similarly if a test is from a different module from the previous test, then
``tearDownModule`` from the previous module is called, followed by
``setUpModule`` from the new module.

After all the tests have run the final ``tearDownClass`` and
``tearDownModule`` are run.

The abovementioned calls are only executed,

> if the corresponding method or function is found.

Author: Choosing "method is found", instead of "method exists" or "class has a method", in order to hint method resolution order is in effect.

-------------------------

Class and module level fixtures are implemented in :class:`TestSuite`. When
the test suite encounters a test from a new class then :meth:`tearDownClass`

> from the previous class (if there is one) is called, followed by

Reviewer: Why removing the "if there is one"? It was right:
```
tearDownClass = getattr(previousClass, 'tearDownClass', None)
if tearDownClass is not None:
    ...
```

I don't see any problem with this paragraph, and it looks not correlated with bpo-36612.

setUpClass and tearDownClass
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These must be implemented as class methods::

Reviewer: Looks unrelated to the issue, and I don't see how the new wording helps.

        def tearDownClass(cls):
            cls._connection.destroy()

> The implementations in :class:`TestCase` are present, but empty.

Reviewer: This sentence is right, the implementations are present but empty. But now without context I don't see the point of mentioning it, why not removing it all?

Author: I will expand in next version.

Reviewer 3: Honestly this still doesn't sound very useful to me. The new text doesn't really answer the question in the original bug report.

        def tearDownClass(cls):
            cls._connection.destroy()

The implementations in :class:`TestCase` are present, but empty.

> That means the implemenation is executed for classes descending from

Author: Choosing "descending" instead of "derived" or "child", to suggest the inheritance graphs can be complicated.

> :class:`TestCase`, but the implementation does not do anything,

Author: Empty implementation executed means no special handling is there to interfere with normal inheritance rules.

setUpModule and tearDownModule
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These should be implemented as functions::

Reviewer: I prefer the original wording.

Author: Not sure why module functions have "should" and class methods have "must", but I think I can make do edits also without affecting these two lines.
